Localization: big docs update (#8961)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/Common/Localization and Globalization/10 Value Formatting/10 Format UI Component Values/10 Predefined Formats.md

                    type="fixedPoint"
                    :precision="2"
                />
            </DxColumn>
        </DxDataGrid>
    </template>

    <script setup lang="ts">
    import 'devextreme/dist/css/dx.fluent.blue.light.css';
    import DxDataGrid, { DxColumn, DxFormat } from 'devextreme-vue/data-grid';

    type Order = {
        ID: number;
        SaleAmount: number;
    };

    const orders: Order[] = [{
        ID: 1,
        SaleAmount: 1234.567
    }];
    </script>

##### React

    <!-- tab: App.tsx -->
    import 'devextreme/dist/css/dx.fluent.blue.light.css';
    import DataGrid, { Column, Format } from 'devextreme-react/data-grid';

    type Order = {
        ID: number;
        SaleAmount: number;
    };

    const orders: Order[] = [{
        ID: 1,
        SaleAmount: 1234.567
    }];

    export default function App() {
        return (
            <DataGrid dataSource={orders} keyExpr="ID">
                <Column dataField="SaleAmount">
                    <Format
                        type="fixedPoint"
                        precision={2}
                    />
                </Column>
            </DataGrid>
        );
    }

---

> The previous example assigns an object to the **format** property, which allows you to specify `precision`. You can assign a string literal to **format** if additional options are not required.

Reviewer: Do you think it would be appropriate to include a link to the demo here?
https://js.devexpress.com/React/Demos/WidgetsGallery/Demo/NumberBox/Formatting/FluentBlueLight/
I think yes

                    type="fixedPoint"
                    :precision="2"
                />
            </DxColumn>
        </DxDataGrid>
    </template>

    <script setup lang="ts">
    import 'devextreme/dist/css/dx.fluent.blue.light.css';
    import DxDataGrid, { DxColumn, DxFormat } from 'devextreme-vue/data-grid';

    type Order = {
        ID: number;
        SaleAmount: number;
    };

    const orders: Order[] = [{
        ID: 1,
        SaleAmount: 1234.567
    }];
    </script>

##### React

    <!-- tab: App.tsx -->
    import 'devextreme/dist/css/dx.fluent.blue.light.css';
    import DataGrid, { Column, Format } from 'devextreme-react/data-grid';

    type Order = {
        ID: number;
        SaleAmount: number;
    };

    const orders: Order[] = [{
        ID: 1,
        SaleAmount: 1234.567
    }];

    export default function App() {
        return (
            <DataGrid dataSource={orders} keyExpr="ID">
                <Column dataField="SaleAmount">
                    <Format
                        type="fixedPoint"
                        precision={2}
                    />
                </Column>
            </DataGrid>
        );
    }

---

> The previous example assigns an object to the **format** property, which allows you to specify `precision`. You can assign a string literal to **format** if additional options are not required.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The previous example assigns an object to the **format** property, which allows you to specify `precision`. You can assign a string literal to this **format** property if additional options are not required.
```

> The previous example assigns an object to the **format** property, which allows you to specify `precision`. You can assign a string literal to this **format** property if additional options are not required.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The previous example assigns an object to the **format** property that in turn allows you to specify the `precision` value. You can assign a string literal to this **format** property if additional options are not required.
```
